# Team 7 Kickoff Meeting

## Meeting Information

**Date, Time**: 04/13/24, 7 pm. Concluded at 8 PM.
**Meeting Location**: Price Center & Zoom  
**Note Taker**: Arnav

## Attendees

-   Arnav, Samvrit, Matteo, Mialyssa, Emma, Jessica, Naina, Hashim, Deena

## General Team Updates/Decisions

1. All Assignments are due **Monday at Midnight**, need some help with both the video and the website.
2. Branding tentatively in progress, _based on Naruto Anime Show_
3. We need to decorate the Team Poster for upcoming classes
4. Our weekly meeting will be held **every Thursday in person at Sixth College from 6:30~7:30 PM**
5. For Week 3 specifically, we will meet **Monday on Zoom from 6:30~7:30 PM**
6. Logo Meeting will be held tomorrow 5-6 virtually to finalize theme and branding
7. Video will be completed Monday Afternoon and submit for revision on **Slack**

## Project Items

| Item               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| ------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Logo and Branding  | • Naruto themed logo and theming <br>• Akatsuki 7 landed on as team name <br>• Akatsuki Logo from Naruto to be used as our logo, with minor tweaking. <br>• Team colors - red and black (with white accenting) |
| Group Expectations | • Rules agreed upon and .md file updated.                                                                                                                                                                      |
| Team Assignments   | • Preferences between frontend/backend/design noted for each developer <br>                                                                                                                                    |

## Discussion

-   All team members don't have much preference between frontend and backend: roles will be defined as required upon announcement of the project.

## Action Items

_Task_: All members to sign the `rules.md` file and commit to GitHub with their name as part of the filename (`rules-yournamehere.md`).
_Task_: All members to send a "stat" about themselves for the purpose of the video.
_Task_: Members to stay active on slack for the next couple of days as administrative deadlines are being met.

## Auxillary Notes

-   Team social was playing **Articulate** on Saturday Night, 7 PM after grabbing dinner at Price. See rules here: [Articulate Cards](https://www.drumondpark.co.uk/articulate_cards)
