# Team 7 Weekly Team Meeting

## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** 04/15/2024, 6:30PM - 7:30PM <br>
**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly Group Meeting<br>
**Meeting Location:** Zoom <br>
**Note Taker:** Hashim Fituri

## Attendees

## Agenda Items

| Item                | Description                                                                                                                                                               |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Finish Group Poster | • Meeting @ 3PM 04/16<br>• Meet at Geisel <br>• People available: Naina, Mialyssa, Emma, Angie, Jessica, Hashim, Samvrit                                                  |
| Code of Conduct     | • Talk about git branches/commits <br>• Any changes for now can be done in the main branch <br>• Notes can be taken on another platfrom but must be converted to markdown |
| Role Assignment     | • Have people do some design work <br> • People doing design work will be assigned to regular tasks after design work is completed                                        |

## Discussion Items

| Item      | Who     | Blockers/Discussion Points                           |
| --------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| Team Page | Samvrit | Images from everyone(preferably professional photos) |

## Decisions Made

## Tracker - For Next time Issues

| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----- | ---- | ----------- | -------- |
| [ ]   | item | who         | due_date |

## Auxiliary Notes

N/A
