# Team 7 - TA Meeting Week 4

## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** 04/24/2024, 11:00am
**Meeting Purpose:** Discuss the progress of the project and ask for feedback
**Meeting Location:** Zoom
**Note Taker**: Samvrit + Arnav

## Team Updates

1. Samvrit: Working on setting up linting, got Github Projects set up as well as basic user story/task-delegation
2. Arnav: Working on setting up the CI/CD pipeline, got the basic structure of the project set up
3. All developers are working on their tasks(basic MVP due tonight), higher level features and integration will be due EOD Thursday
4. We have a sync meeting scheduled for **Thursday After Class** to wrap up any lose ends regarding MVP and V2 and to discuss the video
5. Hard to set up a singular codebase(i.e. where to pull from), as not much has been implemented yet --> I assume more clarity will come as we progress
6. Question: How do we motivate developers to work on the project? Should we hold structured `dev hours` as many people are not available a the same time? How do we ensure timely completion of tasks? What tips do you have for us?
7. Is it advantageous to have a simple yet well-executed widget or a more complex feature that may not be as polished?
8. How to formalize LLM Usage? What should docs look like for bare bones HTML Implementation?

## Post-Meeting Reflections/Action Items:

