# Team 7 - TA Meeting Week 7

## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** 05/15/2024, 11:00am
**Meeting Purpose:** Discuss the progress of the project and ask for feedback. Feedback on ADRs and CI/CD pipeline
**Meeting Location:** Zoom
**Note Taker**: Samvrit + Arnav

## Team Updates

1. Project has been fully set up for tracking issues, Automation for generating issues and adding them to done/review/backlog is in place
2. ADRs for 6 components of the project have been written in the repo
3. Ilities: Maintainability, Usability, Performance. 
4. CI/CD pipeline has been set up, but not fully integrated with the project yet. (Need feedback on linting and pixel testing)
5. All developers are working on their tasks, higher level features will be done tonight and integration will be done by EOD Thursday
6. Sync Meeting scheduled for **Thursday After Class** to wrap up any loose ends regarding MVP and V2. Hashim and Matteo will be working on integration
7. Hi-Fis for MVP are up and on a Figma! We are porting them over to the project very soon. 
8. Any Feedback for Databases? Electron can store relational and non-relational data, but we are unsure of the best way to implement this. (Backend routes?)
9. How do we ensure timely completion of tasks? What tips do you have for us?

## Post-Meeting Reflections/Action Items: