# Team 7 Weekly Team Meeting

## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** 05/20/2024, 6:30 PM  
**Meeting Purpose:** Weekly team meeting to catch up on progress and assign new tasks.
**Meeting Location:** Zoom
**Note Taker:** Samvrit

## Attendees
Arnav Kamdar, Samvrit Srinath, Andrew Yang, Angie Nguyen, Deena Pederson, Emma Nguyen, Jessica Qu, Matteo Persiani, Mialyssa Gomez, Naina Singh

# Agenda:

- Get Status of MVP
- Status of Individual Components
- PRs
- Assign Reviewers
- @Codeowners reviews
- Lint-fixes?
- Testing?
- Integration
- Planning Styling Meeting Post Team Meeting
- Frontload Work
- Tuesday + Wednesday:
  - Jessica Qu, Mialyssa Gomez, Naina Singh, Matteo Persiani, Hashim Fituri, Deena Pederson, Emma Nguyen: Consolidate Styling
- EOD Wednesday:
  - Integration on Frontend with Local Storage Popup Data
  - Backend + Electron: Angie Nguyen, Andrew Yang: Integrate Backend
- Arnav Kamdar will formalize Styling:
  - DB entries/Attributes will be separated by _
  - Classes/vars will be camel-cased

### MVP Deadline (TBD this Sunday)
- Integration
- Branding
- Electron Functionality
- Discuss Road map for V2
- Partner reassignment?

### Design Meeting Notes:
- Make done button flush to description box
- Black text for done button
- Fix red x button (can borrow image from online maybe)
- Label is dropdown with option to create new option

# Action items:
| Person | Actions completed by This Meeting | Tasks to do Before Next Meeting | Discussion Points for this Meeting |
|--------|-----------------------------------|---------------------------------|-------------------------------------|
| Andrew | • Finished notes demo<br>• Wrote backend API for querying database.<br> | • Write tests for backend routes, sanity testing<br> | |
| Angie | • Integrate project with electron.js, creates launchable<br>• Look into preload error that occurs only in launchable<br>• Testing for functionality<br> | | |
| Deena | • Matched journal popup styling to the task popup, flushed out the functionality and correctly named the saved info for backend<br> | • Add testing for journal popup, update docs<br> | |
| Emma | • Restyling of journal pop-up<br>• Flush out local storage<br>• Checking the consistency in styling and functionalities with the task pop-up<br> | | |
| Hashim | | | |
| Jessica | • Added documentation for the rough and hifi designs, added in some elements that were missing along the way, created sidebar view for the main page<br> | • Integrate task and journal popups, link pages together<br> | |
| Matteo | • Matched task popup styling to the miro board<br>• Got ‘x’ button working<br>• Began making an E2E test<br> | • Integrate with main view<br> | |
| Mialyssa | • Documentation for wireframes completed<br> | • Add sidebar to main view, push our changes to dev branch<br> | |
| Naina | • Completed documentation for hifi and rough<br> | • Unifying final designs, look over the popups and pull requests<br> | |
| Everyone | | | |

# Auxiliary Notes:
- Angie:
  - Running into error where module for script is not found despite being in the correct directory.
  - Debugged Angie's directory/package structure, tried looking for similar issues online. Andrew is also familiar with Electron so we looked at his working code structure to try fixing it.
- Andrew:
  - Ran through code structure and explained some important choices made that developers would find useful when working with the backend themselves.
  - Code might not stress test very well, so we want to change the callback to pass in just info about the task at hand, rather than every single task. To be fixed in V2, as integration is our priority right now.
  - Need to work on testing.
- Deena and Emma:
  - Demo'd component, matched everything to the hifi pop-up (color, formatting), fixing structure to align with backend.
  - Need to work on testing.
- Matteo:
  - Demo'd component, connection to local storage, worked on E2E testing but faced issues in set-up.
- Mialyssa, Naina, Jessica:
  - Minor modifications made to hi-fi, completed all documentation for design.
  - Looking to integrate the pop-ups for the new entry.
  - Can integrate when design of pop-ups is unified, will meet with pop-up teams to hash out details.
- Arnav and Samvrit:
  - Finalize ADRs, repo structure.

